<!DOCTYPE html SYSTEM "about:legacy-compat">
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head><title>THE CHALLENGE OF CHANCE</title><meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="content-type"/><link href="../css/springer_epub.css" rel="styleSheet" type="text/css"/></head><body epub:type="backmatter"><div class="BookBackmatter"><aside class="Appendix" epub:type="appendix" id="App1"><section class="Section1 RenderAsSection1" id="Sec1"><h2 class="Heading">Biographies</h2><p class="Para" id="Par1">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Harold Bekkering</strong>
                (1965) has been Professor of Cognitive Psychology at Radboud University since 2002. Before, he worked at universities in Maastricht, St. Louis, and Groningen, and he was a senior scientist at the Max Planck Institute for Psychological Research in Munich. At the moment, he is member of the Board of Directors of the Donders Institute for Brain, Cognition and Behaviour. Harold’s research interests cover the broad field of Cognitive Neuroscience including Cognitive, Social and Developmental Psychology, Cognitive Robotics and Educational Neuroscience. His main interest is to unravel learning mechanisms in the Brain, e.g., in Social Interaction. The idea that learning is to improve probabilistic inference of the observable world is the basis for his contribution to the topic of coincidence.
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par2">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Noortje ter Berg</strong>
                (1980) studied Communication Management at the University of Applied Sciences in Utrecht and subsequently Religious Studies at Radboud University. She is currently Programme Director at the Radboud Honours Academy and served as Project Manager for this book. Her interest in chance derives from an underlying search for the various ways people give meaning to life.
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par3">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Han Brunner</strong>
                (1956) studied Medicine in Groningen. He specialized in Clinical Genetics at Radboud University, where he obtained his Ph.D. in 1993. He has been head of the Department of Human Genetics at Radboud University Medical Center (Radboud UMC) since 1998, and also of the Department of Clinical Genetics at Maastrichtumc from 2014 onwards. Han is a member of the Academia Europea as well as of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences (KNAW). He is a Knight in the Order of the Dutch Lion. His research begins with patient observations as the starting point for molecular investigation of intellectual disability, and human behaviour.
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par4">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Michiel van Elk</strong>
                (1980) studied Philosophy, Biological Psychology, and Psychology of Religion in Utrecht, Amsterdam, and Nijmegen. He obtained his Ph.D. in Cognitive Neuroscience at the Donders Institute for Brain, Cognition and Behaviour, followed by a post-doctoral position at the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne, Switzerland. He is currently working as a researcher at the University of Amsterdam. Michiel’s research focuses on the neurocognitive and psychological basis of religious and spiritual beliefs and experiences.
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par5">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Karl Friston</strong>
                (1959) studied Natural Sciences (Physics and Psychology) at the University of Cambridge and went on to complete his medical studies at King's College Hospital, London. He is a theoretical neuroscientist and an authority on brain imaging. Currently he is a Professor of Neuroscience at University College London. Karl received the first Young Investigators Award in Human Brain Mapping (1996) and was elected a Fellow of the Academy of Medical Sciences (1999). In 2000 he was President of the Organization of Human Brain Mapping. In 2003 he was awarded the Minerva Golden Brain Award and was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 2006. In 2008 he received a Medal, Collège de France and an Honorary Doctorate from the University of York in 2011. He became of Fellow of the Society of Biology in 2012, received the Weldon Memorial prize and Medal in 2013 for contributions to Mathematical Biology and was elected as a member of EMBO (excellence in the life sciences) in 2014.
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par6">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Jelle Goeman</strong>
                (1976) is mathematician and historian. He obtained his Ph.D. in Statistics from Leiden University in 2006. He worked at Leiden UMC and Imperial College, London, before joining Radboud UMC as a Professor of Biostatistics in 2013. He obtained Veni and Vidi grants from the Netherlands Organisation for Scientific Research (NWO). His research focuses on statistical inference in high-dimensional data. Variation, chance, and probability are at the core of his field, his motto being: “Once we really understand the question, the answer is often surprisingly simple.”
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par7">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Olivier Hekster</strong>
                (1974) obtained his Ph.D. in History from Radboud University in 2002. He was a lecturer in Ancient History at Wadham College, Oxford (2001–2002) and Fellow and Tutor in Ancient History at Merton College, Oxford (2002–2004) before taking up the Chair in Ancient History at the Radboud University in 2004. From 2005 to 2010, he was a member of The Young Academy. Olivier’s research focuses on the role of ideology in ancient Rome, specifically on Roman imperial representation. He is particularly interested in the ways Roman emperors employed different ‘media’ to broadcast their image, and in the reception of that image by the heterogeneous population of the Roman Empire.
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par8">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Roeland van Hout</strong>
                (1952) obtained his Ph.D. in Linguistics from Radboud University on Sociolinguistic Variation in the Dialect of Nijmegen. He specialized in the methodology and statistics of empirical language research, and he was Professor on Methodology of Empirical Linguistics from 1995–2002 at Tilburg University. For a long period he has been Research Director of the language research institute CLS, both in Tilburg and later on in Nijmegen, between 1995 and 2005. Roeland has been a Professor of Applied and Variation Linguistics at the Department of Linguistics of Radboud University since 2002. Language variation, both from a sociolinguistic and geographical angle, has always been at the core of his research interests, including the role of chance and probability in the configurations of linguistic distributions.
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par9">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Corjo (C.J.H.) Jansen</strong>
                (1961) obtained his Ph.D. in Law from the University of Utrecht in 1987. He was Associate Professor at the University of Groningen from 1990–1998. He has been a Professor of Legal History and Civil Law at Radboud University since 1998. He was extra-ordinary Professor of Roman Law at the University of Amsterdam from 2001 to 2012. He was Dean of the Faculty of Law of the Radboud University from 2003 to 2005 and from 2008 to 2010. Corjo has been Chairman of the Business and Law Research Centre since 2007. His research is mainly concerned with Justinian Roman Law, the history of Civil Law in the 19th century, and the administration of justice in the Second World War.
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par10">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Eelke Jongejans</strong>
                (1975) obtained his Ph.D. in Biology from Wageningen University in 2004. He was subsequently a postdoc at Pennsylvania State University and Radboud University, where he now works as a tenured researcher at the Animal Ecology group. Eelke studies the impact of environmental drivers on the spatial demography of animals and plants. He wants to understand how ecological and evolutionary processes at the individual level integrate and scale-up to population dynamics. His focus is mainly on ecological frameworks and models that can augment the scientific underpinning of management of invasive or endangered species. Within the Centre for Avian Population Studies, for instance, he aims to understand why certain bird species are declining and to develop tools to detect critical declines as soon as possible.
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par11">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Hans de Kroon</strong>
                (1959) received his Ph.D. from Utrecht University in 1990. After a postdoc at Indiana University (USA) he returned to the Netherlands with a Royal Academy Research Fellowship at Utrecht University. In 1994 he accepted a position as Assistant and subsequently Associate Professor at Wageningen University. Since 2000 Hans has been aProfessor of Plant Ecology at Radboud University. His work focuses on plant traits, plant interactions, plant populations and questions of biodiversity maintenance. He combines experimental approaches with population modelling. In recent years, his modelling expertise was also applied to birds, together with partners at Radboud University campus.
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par12">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Klaas Landsman</strong>
                (1963) obtained his Ph.D. in Theoretical High-Energy Physics from the University of Amsterdam in 1989. He was a research fellow at the University of Cambridge from 1989 to 1997, interrupted by an Alexander von Humboldt Fellowship at Hamburg in 1993–94. He was subsequently a Royal Academy Research Fellow at the University of Amsterdam from 1997 to 2002, and obtained a Pioneer Grant from NWO in 2002. Klaas has held the Chairs in Analysis and subsequently in Mathematical Physics at the Radboud University since 2004, and in 2011 was awarded the Bronze Medal of this university for his outreach work in mathematics. His research is mainly concerned with non-commutative geometry and with the mathematical foundations of quantum theory. The latter topic lies behind his interest in (pure) chance and probability.
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par13">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">David R. Loy</strong>
                (1947) obtained his Ph.D. in comparative philosophy from the National University of Singapore in 1985. He taught at Bunkyo University in Japan 1991–2005 and Xavier University in Cincinnati, Ohio 2006–2010. He has been a Zen practitioner since 1971 and is a teacher in the Sanbo Zen tradition. He writes and lectures on contemporary Buddhism and is especially interested in the social and ecological implications of Buddhist teachings.
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par14">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Christoph Lüthy</strong>
                (1964) studied Philosophy and Modern Languages in Oxford, Physics in Basel, and History of Science at Harvard where he obtained his Ph.D. in 1995. After some postdoc years in Italy and Germany, he ended up at Radboud University where he holds a chair in the History of Philosophy and Science. A specialist in the early modern period, Christoph works particularly on natural philosophy, matter theory, ontology, and the logic of scientific imagery. He also nurtures a passion for the implications 
of evolutionary biology for the philosophy of mind.
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par15">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Pieter Muysken</strong>
                (1950) is Professor of Linguistics at Radboud University and at Stellenbosch University, having previously taught at Amsterdam and Leiden. He did his undergraduate work at Yale University and obtained his Ph.D. at the University of Amsterdam. He is a member of the KNAW and the Max-Planck-Gesellschaft. Prizes awarded to him include the Bernhard Prize, the Prix des Ambassadeurs, and the Spinoza Prize (1998, from NWO). He was decorated with a Knighthood in 2008. His main research interests are language contact, Andean linguistics, and Creole studies.
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par16">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Carla Rita Palmerino</strong>
                (1969) obtained her Ph.D. in the History of Science from the University of Florence in 1998. Subsequently she has been affiliated to the Center of the History of Philosophy and Science of Radboud University, where she was appointed Professor in the History of Modern Philosophy in 2014. She is also part-time Professor of Philosophy at the Open University of the Netherlands in Heerlen. Her research focuses on early modern science and philosophy, notably on theories of matter and motion, on the debate concerning the ontological status of mathematical entities, and on the heuristic and polemical function of thought experiments.
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par17">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Stephanie Rosenkranz</strong>
                (1965) is Professor of Multidisciplinary Microeconomics at Utrecht University School of Economics. She obtained her Ph.D. in Economics from the Humboldt University in Berlin and was a postdoc at the J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Management, Northwestern University. She subsequently obtained her Habilitation in Economic Theory at the University of Bonn. Her research topics include theoretical and experimental economics, industrial organization, social networks and behavioural economics.
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par18">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Sebastiaan Terwijn</strong>
                (1969) studied Mathematics in Amsterdam and Heidelberg. He obtained his Ph.D. from the University of Amsterdam in 1998, and his Habilitation from the Technical University of Vienna in 2008. He held temporary positions in Munich, Vienna, and Amsterdam before moving to Radboud University in 2010. His research is in mathematical logic, in particular computability and complexity theory, but he has also worked in proof theory and on topics in theoretical computer science such as information theory and computational learning theory. A particular emphasis of his work has been on the combination of logic and probability theory, to wit, computable measure  theory, Kolmogorov complexity, and algorithmic randomness.
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par21">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Johannes M.M.H. Thijssen</strong>
                (1957) is Professor of History of Philosophy and Dean of the Faculty of Philosophy, Theology and Religious Studies at Radboud University. In the past, he was a post-doc at Harvard University and UC Santa Barbara and the recipient of a KNAW research fellowship and various grants from NWO, among which a Pioneer Grant. He is currently working on an essay about the connection between the rise of scientific thinking and the decline of philosophy as a way of life.
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par22">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Utz Weitzel</strong>
                (1967) is Professor of Finance at Radboud University and at Utrecht University School of Economics. He obtained his Ph.D. in Economics from Humboldt University in Berlin. Before his appointment in Nijmegen, he was affiliated with Utrecht University and the Max Planck Institute of Economics in Jena. His research topics include experimental and behavioural finance/economics, corporate finance, and decision making under uncertainty.
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par23">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Ellen van Wolde</strong>
                (1954) obtained her Ph.D. in Biblical Studies from Radboud University in 1989. She was a professor at the Faculty of Theology of University of Tilburg from 1992–2008, and has held the chair in Textual Sources of Judaism and Christianity at Radboud University since 2009. In 2005 she was appointed a member of the KNAW, becoming a member of its Executive Board in 2011. Ellen’s research is mainly concerned with the Old Testament Books of Genesis and Job, and with methodological approaches that acknowledge the role culture and language plays in the formation of biblical texts. A related field of interest of hers is the question how chance, bad luck, or coincidence were explained in ancient cultures and religions, especially in so far as these explanations still influence our present views.
              </p></section></aside><aside class="Appendix" epub:type="appendix" id="App2"><section class="Section1 RenderAsSection1" id="Sec2"><h2 class="Heading">Titles in this Series</h2><p class="Para" id="Par24">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Quantum Mechanics and Gravity</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par25">By Mendel Sachs</p><p class="Para" id="Par26">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Quantum</strong>
                -
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Classical Correspondence</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par27">Dynamical Quantization and the Classical Limit by Dr. A.O. Bolivar</p><p class="Para" id="Par28">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Knowledge and the World</strong>
                :
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Challenges Beyond the Science Wars</strong>
                Ed. by M. Carrier, J. Roggenhofer, G. Küppers and P. Blanchard
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par29">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Quantum</strong>
                -
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Classical Analogies</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par30">By Daniela Dragoman and Mircea Dragoman</p><p class="Para" id="Par31">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Life</strong>
                —
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">As a Matter of Fat</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par32">The Emerging Science of Lipidomics by Ole G. Mouritsen</p><p class="Para" id="Par33">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Quo Vadis Quantum Mechanics?</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par34">Ed. by Avshalom C. Elitzur, Shahar Dolev and Nancy Kolenda</p><p class="Para" id="Par35">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Information and Its Role in Nature</strong>
                by Juan G. Roederer
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par36">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Extreme Events in Nature and Society</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par37">Ed. by Sergio Albeverio, Volker Jentsch and Holger Kantz</p><p class="Para" id="Par38">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">The Thermodynamic Machinery of Life</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par39">By Michal Kurzynski</p><p class="Para" id="Par40">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Weak Links</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par41">The Universal Key to the Stability of Networks and Complex Systems by Csermely Peter</p><p class="Para" id="Par42">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">The Emerging Physics of Consciousness</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par43">Ed. by Jack A. Tuszynski</p><p class="Para" id="Par44">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Quantum Mechanics at the Crossroads</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par45">New Perspectives from History, Philosophy and Physics Ed. by James Evans and Alan S. Thorndike</p><p class="Para" id="Par46">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Mind</strong>
                ,
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Matter and the Implicate Order</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par47">By Paavo T.I. Pylkkanen</p><p class="Para" id="Par48">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Particle Metaphysics</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par49">A Critical Account of Subatomic Reality by Brigitte Falkenburg</p><p class="Para" id="Par50">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">The Physical Basis of the Direction of Time</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par51">By H. Dieter Zeh</p><p class="Para" id="Par52">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Asymmetry</strong>
                :
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">The Foundation of Information</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par53">By Scott J. Muller</p><p class="Para" id="Par54">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Decoherence and the Quantum</strong>
                -
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">To</strong>
                -
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Classical Transition</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par55">By Maximilian A. Schlosshauer</p><p class="Para" id="Par56">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">The Nonlinear Universe</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par57">Chaos, Emergence, Life by Alwyn C. Scott</p><p class="Para" id="Par58">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Quantum Superposition</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par59">Counterintuitive Consequences of Coherence, Entanglement, and Interference by Mark P. Silverman</p><p class="Para" id="Par60">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Symmetry Rules</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par61">How Science and Nature are Founded on Symmetry by Joseph Rosen</p><p class="Para" id="Par62">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Mind</strong>
                ,
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Matter and Quantum Mechanics</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par63">By Henry P. Stapp</p><p class="Para" id="Par64">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Entanglement</strong>
                ,
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Information</strong>
                ,
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">and the Interpretation of Quantum Mechanics</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par65">By Gregg Jaeger</p><p class="Para" id="Par66">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Relativity and the Nature of Spacetime</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par67">By Vesselin Petkov</p><p class="Para" id="Par68">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">The Biological Evolution of Religious Mind and Behavior</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par69">Ed. by Eckart Voland and Wulf Schiefenhovel</p><p class="Para" id="Par70">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Homo Novus</strong>
                -
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">A Human without Illusions</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par71">Ed. by Ulrich J. Frey, Charlotte Stormer and Kai P. Willfiihr</p><p class="Para" id="Par72">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Brain</strong>
                -
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Computer Interfaces</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par73">Revolutionizing Human-Computer Interaction</p><p class="Para" id="Par74">Ed. by Bernhard Graimann, Brendan Allison and Gert Pfurtscheller</p><p class="Para" id="Par75">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Extreme States of Matter</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par76">On Earth and in the Cosmos by Vladimir E. Fortov</p><p class="Para" id="Par77">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Searching for Extraterrestrial Intelligence</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par78">SETI Past, Present, and Future Ed. by H. Paul Shuch</p><p class="Para" id="Par79">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Essential Building Blocks of Human Nature</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par80">Ed. by Ulrich J. Frey, Charlotte Störmer and Kai P. Willführ</p><p class="Para" id="Par81">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Mindful Universe</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par82">Quantum Mechanics and the Participating Observer by Henry P. Stapp</p><p class="Para" id="Par83">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Principles of Evolution</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par84">From the Planck Epoch to Complex Multicellular Life Ed. by Hildegard Meyer-Ortmanns and Stefan Thurner</p><p class="Para" id="Par85">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">The Second Law of Economics</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par86">Energy, Entropy, and the Origins of Wealth by Reiner Köummel</p><p class="Para" id="Par87">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">States of Consciousness</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par88">Experimental Insights into Meditation, Waking, Sleep and Dreams Ed. by Dean Cvetkovic and Irena Cosic</p><p class="Para" id="Par89">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Elegance and Enigma</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par90">The Quantum Interviews The Quantum Interviews Ed. by Maximilian Schlosshauer</p><p class="Para" id="Par91">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Humans on Earth</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par92">From Origins to Possible Futures by Filipe Duarte Santos</p><p class="Para" id="Par93">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Evolution 2.0</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par94">Implications of Darwinism in Philosophy and the Social and Natural Sciences Ed. by Martin Brinkworth and Friedel Weinert</p><p class="Para" id="Par95">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Probability in Physics</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par96">Ed. by Yemima Ben-Menahem and Meir Hemmo</p><p class="Para" id="Par97">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Chips 2020</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par98">A Guide to the Future of Nanoelectronics Ed. by Bernd Hoefflinger</p><p class="Para" id="Par99">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">From the Web to the Grid and Beyond</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par100">Computing Paradigms Driven by High-Energy Physics Ed. by Rene Brun, Federico Carminati and Giuliana Galli Carminati</p><p class="Para" id="Par101">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">The Language Phenomenon</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par102">Human Communication from Milliseconds to Millennia Ed. by P.-M. Binder and K. Smith</p><p class="Para" id="Par103">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">The Dual Nature of Life</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par104">By Gennadiy Zhegunov</p><p class="Para" id="Par105">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Natural Fabrications</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par106">By William Seager</p><p class="Para" id="Par107">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Ultimate Horizons</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par108">By Helmut Satz</p><p class="Para" id="Par109">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Physics</strong>
                ,
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Nature and Society</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par110">By Joaquín Marro</p><p class="Para" id="Par111">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Extraterrestrial Altruism</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par112">Ed. by Douglas A. Vakoch</p><p class="Para" id="Par113">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">The Beginning and the End</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par114">By Clément Vidal</p><p class="Para" id="Par115">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">A Brief History of String Theory</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par116">By Dean Rickles</p><p class="Para" id="Par117">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Singularity Hypotheses</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par118">
                Ed. by Amnon H. Eden, James H. Moor, Johnny H. Søraker and Eric Steinhart
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Why More Is Different</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par119">Philosophical Issues in Condensed Matter Physics and Complex Systems Ed. by Brigitte Falkenburg and Margaret Morrison</p><p class="Para" id="Par120">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Questioning the Foundations of Physics</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par121">Ed. by Anthony Aguirre, Brendan Foster and Zeeya Merali</p><p class="Para" id="Par122">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">It From Bit or Bit From It?</strong>
              </p><p class="Para" id="Par123">Ed. by Anthony Aguirre, Brendan Foster and Zeeya Merali</p><p class="Para">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">The Unknown as an Engine for Science</strong>
              </p><p class="Para">By Hans J. Pirner</p><p class="Para">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">How Should Humanity Steer the Future</strong>
              </p><p class="Para">Ed. by Anthony Aguirre, Brendan Foster and Zeeya Merali</p><p class="Para">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">Trick or Truth</strong>
              </p><p class="Para">Ed. by Anthony Aguirre, Brendan Foster and Zeeya Merali</p><p class="Para">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">How Can Physics Underlie the Mind</strong>
              </p><p class="Para">By George Ellis</p><p class="Para">
                <strong class="EmphasisTypeBold ">The Challenge of Chance</strong>
              </p><p class="Para">Ed. By Klaas Landsman, Ellen van Wolde</p></section></aside></div></body></html>